# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements-uv.txt --index-strategy unsafe-best-match --no-build-isolation -p 3.10
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via mediapipe
accelerate==0.26.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via scenedetect
attrs==24.3.0
    # via mediapipe
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
av==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   sounddevice
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   scenedetect
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
decord==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
diffusers==0.32.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
einops==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
face-alignment==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via gradio
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==24.12.23
    # via mediapipe
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via ffmpeg-python
gradio==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gradio-client==1.5.4
    # via gradio
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via diffusers
jax==0.4.38
    # via mediapipe
jaxlib==0.4.38
    # via jax
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-image
librosa==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
lightning-utilities==0.11.9
    # via torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
lpips==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via mediapipe
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapipe==0.10.11
    # via -r requirements.txt
ml-dtypes==0.5.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via librosa
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   face-alignment
    #   librosa
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   decord
    #   diffusers
    #   face-alignment
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   librosa
    #   lpips
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapipe
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numba
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   scenedetect
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   tifffile
    #   torch-fidelity
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   xformers
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencv-contrib-python==4.10.0.84
    # via mediapipe
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   face-alignment
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via jax
orjson==3.10.13
    # via gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   pooch
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gradio
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch-fidelity
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via mediapipe
psutil==6.1.1
    # via accelerate
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
python-speech-features==0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
ruff==0.8.6
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
scenedetect==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via face-alignment
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via librosa
scipy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   face-alignment
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   librosa
    #   lpips
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   torch-fidelity
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
setuptools==75.7.0
    # via lightning-utilities
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sounddevice==0.5.1
    # via mediapipe
soundfile==0.13.0
    # via librosa
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.12.12
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
torch==2.5.1+cu124
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   face-alignment
    #   lpips
    #   torch-fidelity
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   xformers
torch-fidelity==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
torchmetrics==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
torchvision==0.20.1+cu124
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lpips
    #   torch-fidelity
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   face-alignment
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lpips
    #   scenedetect
    #   torch-fidelity
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
triton-windows==3.2.0.post15
    # via -r requirements.txt
typer==0.15.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via gradio
websockets==14.1
    # via gradio-client
xformers==0.0.29.post1
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
